Add versioned Gatekeeper operator docs (#6373)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/gatekeeper/gatekeeper_operator_intro.adoc

:gk-operator: Gatekeeper operator
[#gatekeeper-operator-intro]
= {gk-operator}

Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities that can enforce custom resource definition-based policies that are run with the Open Policy Agent (OPA). You can install and manage Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed clusters using the {gk-operator} policy, which installs Gatekeeper on the managed cluster using the Red Hat {gk-operator}. Once Gatekeeper is installed, you can use the {product-title-short} policy integration with Gatekeeper to deploy and monitor Gatekeeper `ConstraintTemplates` and constraints on managed clusters. Gatekeeper constraints can be used to enforce Kubernetes resource compliance as requests enter the Kubernetes API. Gatekeeper leverages OPA as the policy engine and uses Rego as the policy language.

> *Prerequisite:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except {ocp-short} version 3.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Prerequisite:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is only supported on {ocp-short}, except {ocp-short} version 3.11.
```

== General support statement

* The most current version of the {gk-operator} is fully supported, along with one previous version, and all z-stream releases of those versions.
* The version two previous to the current version receives maintenance support, releasing relevant security vulnerability fixes as they become available. Other bug fixes are released at Red Hat's discretion, but such fixes should not be expected.

> * The most recent {ocp} version is supported with this {gk-operator} version, along with two previous {ocp-short} versions, and z-stream releases of those supported {ocp-short} versions.

Reviewer: This might be too strict of a support statement. How about this?
```suggestion
* All {ocp} versions under standard support are supported with this {gk-operator} version. This excludes support on {ocp} versions under extended support.
```

Author: I stole it from the ACM support statements. Maybe we just take it out? Or modify the next bullet:
> * The {gk-operator} is not supported on {ocp-short} versions that are under extended support or have reached their end-of-life status.

Author: Actually, your update probably is good since just having a "not" statement isn't all that great. Maybe something like:
> * All {ocp} versions under standard support are supported with the {gk-operator}.
> * The {gk-operator} is not supported on {ocp-short} versions that are under extended support or have reached their end-of-life status.

* The {gk-operator} is not supported on {ocp-short} versions that have reached their end-of-life status.

== Operator channels

The {gk-operator} provides two types of channels in order to facilitate upgrades, the `stable` channel and the y-stream version channel.

> The `stable` channel contains the latest available version, including z-streams if relevant. For example, the `stable` channel could include `v1.2.0`, `v1.2.1`, and also `v1.3.0`, if `v1.2.1` were released prior to `v1.3.0`. In this scenario, if another version `v1.2.2` were released after `v1.3.0`, it would not be included in the `stable` channel.

Reviewer: This a great explanation.

The second type of channel is the y-stream version channel, which includes all z-streams for a particular y-stream. For example, the channel `1.2` could have `v1.2.0`, `v1.2.1`, `v1.2.2`, and so on, but would not include `v1.3.0`.

== Operator versioning

> The {gk-operator} version aligns with the equivalent Open Policy Agent Gatekeeper version, reserving the z-stream for operator updates. For example, a newly released {gk-operator} might start with a version of `v1.2.2` to align with the currently available Open Policy Agent Gatekeeper `v1.2.2`, but a subsequent operator update might release with {gk-operator} version `v1.2.3` even though the deployed Gatekeeper is still equivalent to `v1.2.2`. The equivalent Open Policy Agent Gatekeeper for a particular operator version is documented in the associated {gk-operator} Errata.

Reviewer: Very clear!
